This is Wwise_SDL, an SDL output plugin for the GNU/Linux version of Wwise.

Project Website: https://github.com/flibitijibibo/Wwise_SDL/

License
-------
Wwise_SDL is released under a dual license for Wwise licensees. See the top of
the Wwise_SDL.cpp file for details.

About Wwise_SDL
---------------
When Wwise was originally brought to Linux, it used SDL for audio output. The
port was originally done by Ryan C. Gordon as part of the Limbo port, also
developed by Ryan and produced by Edward Rudd.

However, starting with versions 2019 and newer, the audio backend is now a set
of plugins for PulseAudio and ALSA. This made the three of us groan, so I opted
to write my own plugin like I did with FMOD. AudioKinetic even got in touch and
sent me the old SDL sink, which this project is based on! That was nice of them!

Big problem though: Plugins aren't like FMOD where you can just programmatically
set a new output device arbitrarily, you have to load the plugin in the Wwise
authoring tools and assign it to be baked as part of the content files. I'm just
a porter, I don't want to touch those files and/or bother the original dev!

Enter the GNU linker. After fussing with the object code in the Wwise SDK I
discovered that there's a symbol called "AkCreateDefaultSink" that is used
internally to generate the OS sink built into the middleware. This is usually
where people think "oh, you just LD_PRELOADed it didn't you," to which I say: I
didn't have to! There's a lovely behavior in the linker where if you define a
symbol twice, it picks the first one it finds and discards the later ones
completely! So when building the Wwise binary for Streets of Rage 4 (oh, by the
way, this was for Streets of Rage 4's native Linux version, available now!!!),
all I have to do is make sure Wwise_SDL is first in the build line and it will
magically pick my version instead of AudioKinetic's, allowing me to load any
IAkSinkPlugin implementation I want. Go Freedom(TM).

How to Build
------------
When building your Linux binary, simply add Wwise_SDL to the front of the line,
ensuring that our AkCreateDefaultSink gets priority over the one in
AkSoundEngine.a. It's intentionally written as a single file rather than a
proper Wwise plugin file structure to make life easier for programmers.

What about a real plugin?
-------------------------
While this is just about the furthest thing from an official solution, I do
think it's the best way to do this. If you _really_ want the "real" plugin,
feel free to get in touch, as a proper plugin does technically exist!

Found an issue?
---------------
Issues and patches can be reported via GitHub:

https://github.com/flibitijibibo/Wwise_SDL/issues
